kommander: Update supported k8s versions chart for platform services (#3393)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/1.3/workspaces/edit-delete-workspaces/index.md

  Workspaces can only be deleted if all the clusters in the workspace have been deleted.
</p>

## Edit workspaces

> From the workspace selection dropdown at the top of the screen, select the workspace you would like to edit. Click the **Actions** drop-down button and select **Edit Workspace**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the workspace selection dropdown at the top of the screen, select the workspace you want to edit. Select  the **Actions** drop-down button and select **Edit Workspace**.
```
